+++
title = "My opinion on Vibe Coding"
date = "2025-10-22T00:42:06-05:00"
#dateFormat = "2006-01-02" # This value can be configured for per-post date formatting
author = "SHAPeS"
authorTwitter = "" #do not include @
cover = "/2.png"
tags = ["stinky", "opinion"]
keywords = ["AI", ""]
description = "Rant about AI coding"
showFullContent = false
readingTime = false
hideComments = false
+++

# Now...
### {{<rainbow>}}Vibe Coding...{{</rainbow>}}

It's a... *subject* thats for sure.
Im going to just come out and say Vibe Coding != Software Engineering.
That is a fact, you saying something and then doing a little Ctrl+C/Ctrl+V action isn't programming,
it's prompting, and I mean **REALLY** prompting, endless amounts of times. Over. And.
Now I now you probably don't care what I have to say about, but you should! Honestly, a buggy, insecure app that breaks when you try to add a new button because ChatGPT/Grok/Claude/Gemini/{{<rainbow>}}whateverthefuck{{</rainbow>}} forgot what it was doing or though it's a exotic bird is WAY better than a app that you spent time, effort, and (maybe) passion into that actual (sometimes) works! Just learn to program. That's all i gotta say, stop hyping AI like it's gonna make you a buncha money. Though, i do think **using** AI as a *tool* and not another brain is great! Work smarter not harder everyone (granted that you know what the "smart" is!)

Oh and do you like the little random flash? It was annoying to make btw.
**{{<rainbow>}}Imagination{{</rainbow>}}**

